Sarina: TEMPEST WIND
AND ARCTIC SQUALL,
THE TIME HAS COME,
SO HEED MY CALL.
WHAT CAN I DO
FOR YOU?
"WHAT CAN WE
DO FOR YOU?"
THAT'S
WHAT I MEANT.
YEAH, RIGHT.
SILENCE.
OUR TARGETS WILL ARRIVE
IN THE TOWN OF DOMINO TODAY,
SO FIND THEM
AND GIVE THEM A WARM WELCOME.
THEN BRING THEM BEFORE ME.
YO, I'M
ALL OVER IT.
THOSE PUNKS ARE
WALKIN' ON THIN ICE.
CHILL OUT, FROSTY.
THIS IS A TEAM EFFORT.
ENOUGH.
THIS WILL BE
YOUR TOUGHEST JOB YET.
FROM WHAT I HEAR,
JADEN IS NO ORDINARY DUELIST.
IN FACT,
ACCORDING TO MY BROTHER,
HE MAY BE THE ONE.
AWESOME.
RIGHT ON.
SETTLE DOWN
AND TAKE THESE.
WHAT ARE THEY?
YEAH.
SHOULD YOUR OWN SKILLS
PROVE TO BE TOO WEAK,
SUBDUE YOUR OPPONENT
WITH THOSE.
NOW BE GONE.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
WE'RE HERE.
TOOK LONG ENOUGH.
SO THIS IS WHERE YUGI GREW UP.
WHAT TO DO FIRST.
FIND A BATHROOM.
I'M SORRY.
NOT A BIG BOAT FAN.
Bonaparte:
MAY I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION,
S'IL VOUS PLAIT?
IT'S TIME TO REVIEW
OUR SCHEDULE.
Sartorius:
I BEG YOUR PARDON,
HMM?
BUT MY DORM AND I HAVE
OUR OWN AGENDA TODAY.
NOW, IF YOU'LL
EXCUSE US...
BUT THE REGULATIONS
CLEARLY STATE--
GOOD DAY, SIR.
HMM?
WELL, I'M NOT
BABYSITTING THEM.
THAT MUCH
I CAN TELL YOU.
DON'T LOOK
AT ME.
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
IF YOU NEED ME,
I'LL BE BACK AT THE HOTEL.
ME, TOO.
ROOM SERVICE,
HERE I COME.
WELL, THIS
IS JUST GREAT.
ABANDONED
IN AN UNKNOWN CITY.
WHO CARES?
WE DON'T NEED THOSE GUYS
HOLDIN' US BACK.
EXACTLY. WE'RE IN
THE COOLEST PLACE ON EARTH,
SO WE ALL GOTTA MAKE
THE MOST OF IT, RIGHT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
LUCKILY, I BROUGHT
A GUIDEBOOK.
SO DID I, AND MINE
IS MORE UPDATED.
ASTER, TELL ME,
WHAT'S THIS SARTORIUS
PLANNING TO DO?
YOU MUST KNOW SOMETHING.
AFTER ALL, HE IS
YOUR MANAGER, ISN'T HE?
NOT ANYMORE.
THE CARDS TELL ME
YOU HAVE A QUESTION.
WHAT'RE YOU DOING
AT THIS SCHOOL?
I SHOULD BE ASKING YOU
THE SAME THING.
YOU DESPISE DUEL ACADEMY,
YET STILL, YOU LINGER.
BECAUSE OF YOU.
YOU SAID IT WAS GOOD
FOR MY CAREER.
YOU KNOW BETTER
THAN THAT.
THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH ME, ASTER.
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN EVERYTHING
THAT I'VE TAUGHT YOU?
WE'RE HERE BECAUSE IT
IS THE WILL OF DESTINY.
YOU AND I
HAD NO CHOICE.
NO ONE ESCAPES FATE--
WELL, ALMOST NO ONE--
FOR I FOUND SOMEONE
WHO DEFIES DESTINY.
YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT JADEN.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT SEEMS AS IF
ALL THE PIECES
REVOLVE AROUND HIM.
PIECES?
TO THE GREAT PUZZLE.
ASTER, IT'S TIME YOU KNEW
THE TRUTH ABOUT ME.
NOT LONG AGO,
THANKS TO A TWIST OF FATE,
THE DIRECTION
OF MY LIFE CHANGED.
I FORMED
A SECRET SOCIETY.
YOU MEAN
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
IS THAT WHY YOU
CONVINCED ME TO ENROLL
AS A STUDENT HERE?
IS IT?
YOU WERE USING ME
TO BRAINWASH PEOPLE?
AND TO THINK, I TRUSTED
YOU ALL THESE YEARS.
ASTER, YOU MUST
UNDERSTAND.
IT WAS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD
AND THE GOOD OF THE WORLD.
MANKIND IS DESTINED
TO SEE THE LIGHT.
YOU AND I ARE MERELY
PAWNS OF DESTINY.
YA KNOW,
I USED TO BELIEVE
EVERYTHING YOU SAID,
BUT THOSE DAYS
ARE GONE.
LATER.
I GUESS YOU'RE NOT
WHO I THOUGHT YOU WERE.
JUST LEVEL WITH US.
WHAT'S SARTORIUS
PLANNING TO DO?
EVEN IF I KNEW,
I'M SURE A DUELIST
OF YOUR CALIBER
WOULDN'T UNDERSTAND.
SEE HERE.
I'M TOP CALIBER.
MY GRADES ARE HIGH, AND
MY RECORD IS IMPECCABLE.
OH, YEAH?
THEN WHY HASN'T
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT
COME FOR YOU YET?
OH!
SORRY, PAL,
BUT SARTORIUS TOLD ME
THAT HE'S TARGETING
DUEL ACADEMY'S
TOP STUDENTS,
SO HE MUST NOT
THINK TOO MUCH OF
YOUR DUELING SKILLS.
OH! HEY, GUYS,
BACK ME UP HERE.
UH...OH!
UH, JADEN? SYRUS?
HASSLEBERRY?
WHERE ARE YOU?
Syrus: CHECK IT OUT.
IT'S A FAMOUS
BATTLE CITY LANDMARK.
THIS IS THE SPOT
WHERE YUGI AND JOEY--
WHERE YUGI AND JOEY
DUELED TO THEIR DOOM.
BOYS, WE'RE STANDING
ON SACRED GROUND.
ACCORDING
TO MY GUIDEBOOK,
PEGASUS HANDCUFFED THEM
TO THIS PIER.
GET YOUR FACTS
STRAIGHT.
IT WAS MARIK, AND HE
CHAINED THEIR ANKLES
TO AN ANCHOR.
LET ME LEAD.
AT LEAST I'M UP-TO-DATE
ON MY YU-GI-OH HISTORY,
AND I DIDN'T FIND
MY GUIDEBOOK ON
THE DISCOUNT RACK.
WHAT? HOW'D YA LIKE
TO RELIVE THE PAST--
JUST YOU, ME,
AND AN ANCHOR?
WHY, SO I CAN
BEAT YOU AGAIN?
AT EASE, DWEEB.
CHILL OUT, GUYS.
THIS IS S'POSTA BE FUN.
NOW HUG AND MAKE UP
SO WE CAN MOVE ON.
HMPH.
ALL RIGHT. I SAY WE GO
TO YUGI'S HOUSE NEXT.
Both: I'LL LEAD THE WAY.
Jaden: WHOA, WE ARE
SO NOT WORTHY TO BE
STANDING HERE RIGHT NOW.
HELLO?
THAT YOU, YUGI?
OH, I'M SORRY.
I COULDA SWORN
I HEARD MY GRANDSON.
IS THAT--
IT SURE IS.
YOU'RE YUGI'S GRANDPA.
YOU'RE LIKE 100.
UH, WE'RE
OVER HERE, SIR.
THIS IS
SUCH AN HONOR.
WILL YOU
PLEASE AUTOGRAPH
MY GUIDEBOOK?
MINE, TOO.
AFTER ALL, YOU DID WRITE IT.
I DID?
THE MIND AIN'T
WHAT IT USED TO BE.
OH, IT IS YOU.
DOES YUGI
STILL LIVE HERE?
HE WENT TO THE MARKET
TO GET SOME OLIVES...
ABOUT 3 YEARS AGO.
HA HA HA!
THAT'S YUGI.
PROBABLY ON
SOME ADVENTURE,
BUT I COULD'VE SWORN
I HEARD HIM.
YOU KNOW HIM?
WELL, NOT PERSONALLY,
BUT WE'RE BIG FANS.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
WE'RE HERE ON
A SCHOOL FIELD TRIP.
HUH? "FEEL LIKE
TAKING A DIP"?
SORRY.
DON'T HAVE A POOL,
BUT I DO HAVE
A CARD SHOP,
AND YOU'RE WELCOME
TO LOOK AROUND.
SURE.
Hassleberry:
SAM HILL,
WILL YOU LOOK AT ALL
THOSE RARE CARDS?
WHAT AN AWESOME
COLLECTION.
WHOA, YOU HAVE
A BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON?
IS IT A REAL ONE?
IT SURE IS.
HEY, GRAMPS, YOU SEE
MY BEST FRIEND OVER THERE?
HE'S THE NEXT
KING OF GAMES.
WHOSE
BEST FRIEND?
REALLY? YOU DON'T SAY.
WELL, I HOPE SO.
HE ROCKS.
HASSLEBERRY HERE
WANTS TO BE
JUST LIKE HIM
WHEN HE
GROWS UP.
WHY DON'T YOU BOYS
LET ME TAKE YOU
ON A TOUR
OF THE TOWN?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YOU'D DO THAT
FOR US?
CERTAINLY.
I JUST HOPE
YOU YOUNGSTERS
CAN KEEP UP.
Grandpa: THIS IS WHERE
THE TOURNAMENT BEGAN...
OR WAS IT THERE?
EH, YOU GET
THE POINT.
WAIT A SEC.
YOU'RE TELLIN' ME
THIS IS THE SPOT
WHERE YUGI DUELED
HIS FIRST RARE HUNTER?
Grandpa: YUP, AND
THIS IS WHERE HE FACED
HIS FIRST
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
KNOW WHICH ONE
IT WAS?
Jaden: OF COURSE.
IT WAS SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON.
THAT DUEL IS LEGENDARY.
THIS IS SO COOL.
COME ON.
THE BEST SIGHTS
ARE YET TO COME.
I'LL RACE YOU THERE.
YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN,
OLD MAN.
EAT MY DUST,
SONNY.
A LITTLE MORE HUSTLE
THERE, GRAMPS.
RIGHT BEHIND YOU.
OHH...OHH...
OH, I COULD'VE BEATEN THEM,
BUT THEY'RE JUST KIDS,
SO I MAY AS WELL LET THEM WIN
AND THEN CATCH UP WITH
THE LITTLE TIKES LATER.
HUH?
AAH!
OH, NOT AGAIN.
HUH? HUH?
LOOKS LIKE
WE LOST GRANDPA.
GAME TIME.
LET'S SPLIT UP
AND LOOK FOR HIM.
Sarina: GUARDIANS OF THUNDER,
RAIN, AND HAIL,
COVER THIS LAND
IN A DARKENED VEIL.
LET YOUR REIGN OF FEAR BEGIN
AND KEEP ALL SPIRITS
TRAPPED WITHIN.
HUH?
[THUNDER]
THAT'S WEIRD.
IT WAS JUST SUNNY.
WHAT'S UP,
WINGED KURIBOH?
CAN YOU NOT
SEE THEM?
CAN I NOT SEE WHAT?
THE SOURCE
OF THIS POWER.
LOOK MORE CLOSELY.
WHOA.
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL.
THERE AND THERE.
OH, WHAT ARE THEY?
ANCIENT
DUEL MONSTER SPIRITS.
WHAT ARE
THEY DOING?
IT'S SIMPLE.
THEY'RE CREATING
A SPIRITUAL BARRIER.
THEREFORE, IF THE PERSON
CONTROLLING THOSE SPIRITS
ISN'T DEFEATED,
THEN WE'LL ALL BE TRAPPED
IN THIS CITY FOREVER.
YEAH, BUT WHO'S
CONTROLLING THEM?
ANY SIGN OF GRANDPA?
NEGATIVE.
I DIDN'T LOOK
IN THOSE DARK ALLEYS
OVER THERE.
WHY DON'T YOU
CHECK 'EM OUT?
DON'T BOSS ME.
WHY DON'T YOU GO POKE
AROUND BACK THERE,
UNLESS YOU'RE SCARED
JUST LIKE YOU'RE
TOO SCARED TO DUEL ME AGAIN?
I'M NOT SCARED.
THEN LET'S THROW DOWN
RIGHT HERE.
WHAT IS THAT THING?
IT'S GRANDPA'S
HEADBAND,
AND IT'S
FROZEN STIFF.
WHAT DID YOU
DO TO HIM?
WHO ME?
I DIDN'T LAY A FINGER
ON THE OLD GEEZER,
BUT IF YOU DORKS
EVER WANNA SEE HIM AGAIN,
BE ON THE ROOF OF THAT BUILDING
IN 5 MINUTES.
THE CLOCK
IS TICKING.
YA KNOW
WHAT I THINK?
I THINK YUGI'S GRAMPS
WAS KIDNAPPED.
YEAH, DUH!
WE'VE GOTTA
GET UP THERE.
COME ON. WE'VE ONLY
GOT 5 MINUTES.
Syrus:
YOU UP HERE?
Hassleberry:
GRANDPA?
NOW WHAT DO WE DO?
HOLD ON.
I'VE SEEN THIS PLACE.
OH, YEAH.
THIS IS WHERE KAIBA AND YUGI
DUELED AS A TAG TEAM.
IT'S IN MY
BATTLE CITY GUIDEBOOK.
LOOK.
TWO DUEL DISKS.
I BET SOME SICKO WANTS
TO RECREATE THAT DUEL,
BUT BACK THEN,
THE LOSERS
WERE BANISHED
TO THE SHADOW REALM.
THAT'S JUST A MYTH.
WHAT'S THAT?
Frost: IT'S A MAGIC
SHADOW BOX.
Thunder: YEAH, JUST LIKE
BACK IN THE DAY.
WE'VE GOT COMPANY,
PRIVATE.
Syrus: AND NOT
THE KIND YOU INVITE OVER
FOR MILK AND COOKIES.
WHO ARE YOU?
SPEAK UP.
YOU CAN
CALL ME FROST.
YEAH, AND
I'M THUNDER.
WHAT'D YOU GUYS DO
WITH GRANDPA?
OH, HIM?
HE'S TAKIN'
A REST.
[GROANING]
I'D BE MORE WORRIED
ABOUT YOURSELVES
'CAUSE YOU GUYS
ARE COMING WITH US.
AND WHY WOULD WE DO
SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
SIMPLE. 'CAUSE
IF YOU DON'T,
THEN YOU BOYS'LL
BE TAKING
A ONE-WAY TRIP
TO THE SHADOW REALM.
THERE'S
NO SUCH THING.
Both: TIME TO FIND OUT.
GET YOUR GAME ON.
REAL CUTE.
ONE PROBLEM.
CUTE
DOESN'T CUT IT
WHEN YOU THROW DOWN
WITH THE LIGHT BRIGADE.
A'IGHT, YO.
KICK IT.
NOT A BAD START.
I ACTIVATE SIDE ATTACK.
CHECK IT OUT.
THIS SPELL CARD WAS MADE
FOR TAG-TEAM DUELS
'CAUSE NOW EACH PLAYER
CAN ONLY ATTACK
THE PERSON DIRECTLY
ACROSS FROM THEM.
OF COURSE, WE GET
A SLIGHT ADVANTAGE.
IF YOU PREPPIES ARE RUNNIN'
LOW ON MONSTER CARDS,
THEN OUR CREW IS FREE
TO ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
A CARD MADE
FOR TAG DUELS?
THAT MEANS
YOU STREET PUNKS HAVE
AN UNFAIR ADVANTAGE.
THAT AIN'T COOL.
WE NEVER SAID
THIS WAS FAIR,
SO WHY DON'T YOU
JUST CHILL OUT?
AND THIS GUY
SHOULD HELP.
IT'S MY ICE KNIGHT.
HERE'S THE DEAL.
FOR EVERY WATER-TYPE MONSTER
HE HANGS OUT WITH,
ICE KNIGHT
GAINS 400 POINTS.
SETTLE DOWN,
SOLDIER.
MY MOVE.
GILASAURUS,
REPORT FOR DUTY.
GUESS WHAT, HOSS.
YOU'RE PLUM OUTTA LUCK
'CAUSE THAT WAS
A SPECIAL SUMMON,
WHICH MEANS
ONE THING.
I CAN SACRIFICE GILASAURUS
TO SUMMON DARK DRICERATOPS.
AND SINCE HE'S IN MY FRONT LINE,
I MAY AS WELL PLAY
JURASSIC WORLD.
NOW ALL MY DINOS
GAIN 300 EXTRA ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS.
I'LL PLACE THIS FACEDOWN
AND REST UP.
LISTEN, BOYS.
HEAR THAT?
IT SOUNDS LIKE
THUNDER TO ME,
MY THUNDER KNIGHT,
TO BE EXACT,
AND GET THIS.
WHENEVER A THUNDER-TYPE
MONSTER APPEARS
ON THE FIELD,
HE GETS
A 400-POINT JOLT.
I'M DONE, BUT THIS
IS JUST THE CALM
BEFORE THE STORM.
WHAT, THAT'S IT?
WATCH THIS.
I, UM--I MEAN--
WELL, I--
I SUMMON TRUCKROID.
THEN, WELL, I GUESS
I END MY TURN.
NOW THAT WE'VE
BROKEN THE ICE,
LET'S MOVE ON.
ROUND TWO. AWESOME.
I SACRIFICE
MY ICE KNIGHT.
YOU READY
TO GET THE CHILLS?
'CAUSE I PLAY MOBIUS,
THE FROST MONARCH...
AND WITH THE KING OF COLD
IN MY CORNER,
TWO TRAP CARDS
OR FIELD CARDS
ARE AUTOMATICALLY
RENDERED USELESS.
AAH!
GO. FREEZE PLAY.
SO MUCH FOR YOUR
JURASSIC WORLD.
IT'S NO BIGGIE
'CAUSE YOUR SNOWMAN
STILL DOESN'T HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES
TO STOP MY DINO.
I'M NOT DONE.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THIS CARD--MOBIUS CASTLE.
BAD NEWS.
IT LOOKS LIKE THE ICE AGE
IS HERE, BRO,
AND SINCE DINOSAURS
DON'T DIG THE COLD,
YOUR FRIEND LOSES 500 ATTACK
AND 500 DEFENSE POINTS.
BUT THAT MEANS--
IT'S
EXTINCTION TIME.
HA HA HA! HA HA HA!
FROST MONARCH, MAKE A POPSICLE
OUTTA THAT THING.
ICE LANCE.
THE ICEMAN COMETH,
AND YOUR LIFE POINTS
GOETH.
I'M IN COMMAND,
SO I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED.
THIS LETS ME DRAW TWICE,
AND NOW I PLAY
MY EARTHQUAKE SPELL.
THIS'LL SHAKE THINGS UP.
ALL MONSTERS ON THE FIELD
SWITCH TO DEFENSE MODE.
AND NOW ARCHEONYS
TAKES THE FIELD...
BUT NOT FOR LONG
'CAUSE NOW I PLAY THIS GUY.
IT'S MY NEW
ULTRA EVOLUTION SPELL CARD,
AND IT ALLOWS ME
TO TRADE IN MY FEATHERED FRIEND
FOR A DINOSAUR.
BLACK TYRANNO,
FRONT AND CENTER.
DUDE, WE'RE IN
THE ICE AGE, REMEMBER?
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
I GUESS YOU WEREN'T
'CAUSE LOOK AT
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND NOW.
I THINK HE'S FEELING
A LITTLE UNDER THE WEATHER.
SO? HE'S GOT PLENTY
OF FIGHT LEFT.
NOW, TYRANNO,
MAKE A MEAL OUTTA HIM.
FORWARD MARCH.
YO, YOU ARE AS DUMB
AS YOU LOOK
'CAUSE I GOT THIS,
MY BIT SHOOT TRAP,
AND IT LETS ME SUMMON
A MONSTER TO THE FIELD.
SO CHECK OUT
MY REFLECTOR BIT.
MY SOLDIER
JUST LAUNCHED AN ATTACK
ON THE WRONG TARGET.
BINGO.
HE WAS DISTRACTED,
SO MY REFLECTOR BIT
TOOK THE HIT INSTEAD,
BUT I DON'T LOSE
ANY POINTS.
MY TAG TEAM
PARTNER DOES.
SO YOU JUST CAUSED
YOUR OWN TEAMMATE
TO LOSE POINTS?
FROST, THAT IS NOT COOL,
BUT I'VE GOT PROTECTION, TOO.
GO, BIT SHOOT.
FIRE REFLECTOR BIT.
ANOTHER ONE?
THAT'S RIGHT,
LITTLE MAN,
AND MINE
HAS A TRICK, TOO.
WHENEVER IT'S ATTACKED
BY MY PARTNER'S
REFLECTOR BIT,
THE ATTACK
IS NEGATED.
OH, YEAH, AND YOU
LOSE 500 POINTS.
AAH!
MAN! SORRY ABOUT
THAT, PRIVATE.
YOU CAME TO THE PARTY
UNPREPARED.
REFLECTOR BIT
IS A TAG DUEL CARD.
SINCE WE'VE GOT
TWO OUT THERE,
THEY PRETTY MUCH CREATE
AN INVINCIBLE BARRIER
FOR OUR TEAM.
YOU CAN'T TOUCH THIS.
Thunder:
HEY, ICE FOR BRAINS,
YOU'RE LUCKY.
NEXT TIME,
HOW 'BOUT A LITTLE
HEADS UP, PAL?
I COULDA BEEN NAILED.
[LAUGHS]
DUDE, CHILLAX.
I KNEW YOU HAD
THE REFLECTOR BIT
READY TO GO.
DON'T SWEAT
THE SMALL STUFF.
HMM, WHATEVER.
MY MOVE.
I SACRIFICE
MY THUNDER KNIGHT.
KNOW WHY?
SO I CAN SUMMON ZABORG
THE THUNDER MONARCH.
WHENEVER THIS BAD BOY
SHOWS UP TO THROW DOWN,
YOU'RE OUTTA LUCK
'CAUSE ONE OF YOUR DUDES
BITES THE DUST.
THUNDER CRUSH!
MY TRUCKROID.
Thunder:
I WOULDN'T WANNA
BE YOU RIGHT NOW.
NOW, ZABORG,
DIRECT ATTACK.
AW, MAN.
DON'T WORRY,
LITTLE DUDE.
IT'S ALL GOOD
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE MY TRAP--
REVOLVING STAGE.
THAT CARD ALLOWED ME
TO FLIP THE SCRIPT.
NOW MY OPPONENT
TAKES THE HIT.
AAH!
EEGH...
HASSLEBERRY!
[GROANS]
HA HA HA!
SORRY, THUNDER.
COULDN'T RESIST.
HASSLEBERRY, THEY DON'T
SEEM TO GET ALONG.
MAYBE WE CAN USE THAT.
ICEBOY, DID YOU
FORGET WHAT
SARINA SAID?
WE'RE S'POSTA BE
WORKING TOGETHER
HERE.
SARINA?
WHO'S THAT?
FESS UP.
WHO'RE YOU BOYS
WORKIN' FOR?
WELL?
OH, SNAP.
I THOUGHT YOU KNEW.
THUNDER, TELL 'EM.
HAVE YOU TWO PREPPIES
EVER HEARD OF THE NAME
SARTORIUS?
Both: SARTORIUS?
ACCORDING TO MASTER SARTORIUS,
HIS SISTER LIVES HERE.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪